Update deps (#2373)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-js: test/integration/README.md

Within a leaf directory is a `style.json` file (e.g. [`circle-radius/literal/style.json`](./render/tests/circle-radius/literal/style.json)), which contains the minimal style needed for the given test case. The style can specify the map size, center, bearing, and pitch, and additional test metadata (e.g. output image dimensions).

The expected output for a given test case is in `expected.png`, e.g. [`circle-radius/literal/expected.png`](./render/tests/circle-radius/literal/expected.png).

> There can be multiple file with `expected` prefix since it can vary slightly with each platfrom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There can be multiple files with the `expected` prefix since the output can vary slightly with each platform.
```

```

### Updating results of render test results

> Note that the CI is running the render tests, if they fails the report.html is uploaded as an artifact, this file can be download, opened in the browser and with right click - save the image and add it to the relevant folder or replace the existing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the CI is running the render tests. If they fail, the `report.html` is uploaded as an artifact. This file can be download, opened in the browser and with right click - save the image the actual CI render test result can be stored as the expected image.
```
